# Meeting 23-11 19:00
### Chairman: Rebecca
### Notetaker: Noky


Today we mostly finished our draft for the API specification, and discussed things that we still need to do which are below

## Todos:
	- Depending on the feedback we receive on the API draft, change those things for the final API
	- See what the other teams have done for their drafts and check if things work with our one
	- Add the proper things in the API specification such as: respones, body's and their type's
	- List down entities we need
	- Go over the should's and could's to also add them to the Lucidcharts document and the API specification